---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I began the Collatz project, and finished my goal of getting Travis CI connected and doing most of the workflow issues. I'm pacing out the work for this project, since I had other assignments due this past week. In class, we learned the basics of project workflow and useful tools that we'll be utilizing for every project such as Coverage. While working on Collatz I sometimes noticed "missing" lines from the Coverage report, but after attending Friday's lecture, it made a lot more sense - my unit tests were not going through those lines of code. 

### What's in your way?
It's my first time using tools such as Travis CI, but after the first hour of fixing formatting issues in the files, it worked just fine. I honestly thought that Travis CI would let me know if my unit tests would pass or fail, however, I realized that it only showed if the project got built successfully - I still have to check the output to see how it did. In the project though, we can run the command *make run* so that we can check the results before actually pushing to the private repositories. On another note, the quizzes, particularly Wednesday's, were harder than I thought. The time constraint while answering the final question added to the difficulty, but at least now I have an idea of what types of question to expect.

### What will you do next week?
I'll be finishing up the Collatz project - not much is left, except for a few more commits for enhancements. Most of my classes assign homework to be due in 2 weeks, so I'll probably get started on those so that I don't end up having a nightmare of a week by then. I've also been trying to be more studious in terms of reading ahead for class, so hopefully I'll continue for next week. It actually helps having preliminary knowledge before lectures! 

### What's my experience of the class?
Listening in lecture has been laid-back as usual, which helps to absorb the information Professor Downing is teaching us. The quizzes as I said could become a problem, but hopefully I'll be able to tackle the future ones better (or else I'll quickly use up my dropped quizzes). I thought the HackerRank for the project was a little weird, since I had to write something a little different from the project code to actually get it to work. I've also started finding people to work with for the upcoming group projects, so hopefully it'll be complete by the time Project 2 starts.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I found this nifty project called [Chatistics](https://github.com/MasterScrat/Chatistics) which can parse through your Facebook Messenger and Google Hangouts chat logs. If you're ever interested in analyzing your conversations in these applications, the project automatically organizes your data into a Pandas Dataframe that makes it even easier to work on a side project. It even includes example analyses that you can play with to see statistics such as the number of messages from your friends, or "conversation densities". Of course, it was just recently released, but it should help a lot if you ever considered working with this type of data!
