---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was dedicated to finishing Computer Vision and Algorithms homework so I could focus on IDB3 this coming week. It was a nice break from the crazy amount of deadlines the week before, but inevitably made me want to procrastinate as usual (this also includes IDB3). Hopefully I can bring it back next week.

### What's in your way?
This week my allergies were terrible - I'm in a constant state of coughing. It makes it difficult to focus in class and work. I always feel bad when I'm studying in the PCL because of it, so I've had to avoid it recently. I just want it to go away, but I have too many things due this week, so I will continue dealing with it. 

### What will you do next week?
I realized I actually had math homework due the same day as IDB3, so it'll be dedicated to working on that and the backend of our site. I'll also be trying to plan out my courses next semester since the course schedule is coming out! I also need to start asking professors for recommendation letters, for my 5 year MS/BS application. Hopefully I don't forget anything!

### What's my experience of the class?
It's all SQL this week, but nothing too fancy yet. I feel like joins are the most confusing queries, so that should be interesting when we start that section. Also, I haven't been able to go through the assigned readings per week, but luckily the quizzes haven't focused on them too much so far. For any newcomers, you should take the time to read these and take the quizzes seriously - my grade's been suffering because I chose to do the opposite. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Someone posted something cool this week on r/machinelearning! If you've watched Black Mirror Season 4, someone actually created a program that implemented a [Person Blocker](https://github.com/minimaxir/person-blocker). It utilizes the Mask R-CNN algorithm developed by Facebook that allows both object detection and instance segmentation. It basically feeds an image into this meta-algorithm and uses the output segmentation to blur out the desired objects. It's pretty cool and scary at the same time that someone's been able to implement something from a recent Black Mirror episode!