---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was spent on completing IDB3. Because we were busy the week before + the weekend, we did the majority of the work in the days up to Thursday. I worked mainly on filtering + updating Postman tests. Because we weren't using Flask-Restless, the easy ways to filter weren't available to us; thus I had to write some scripts that could generate the corresponding SQL queries to match the desired filters. I also had an Algo quiz and Numerical Methods homework due the same day, so it was definitely a relief once Thursday was over.

### What's in your way?
The crazy amount of work I had that week made me pretty burnt out again - after Thursday I just took all of Friday and Saturday as day offs. It felt like I had lost the motivation to continue pushing through all the school work, so I think it was a much needed break. I was supposed to start studying for my Algo test afterwards, but I feel like resting my mind and body was more beneficial than an extra one or two days of studying. I feel much better now, and hopefully ready to tackle on the final weeks of the semester.

### What will you do next week?
I will be sitting down and working through all our Algo lectures and homework to study for the upcoming exam. I didn't do so well on our last exam, so I am hoping to make up for it this time. I realized I might have pushed myself too hard while studying, so I will take a more relaxed approach and be more confident this time around. I may also take a look at how to polish up our backend code for IDB4, but we spent some time doing that for the last project, so there might not be much to do.

### What's my experience of the class?
During our lecture on Friday, we took the time to implement theta and natural joins in Python. In my opinion, that was the most helpful HackerRank to date. I finally understood what a natural (or inner) join was, since we had to write the code to successfully do it. Joins have always bugged me while applying to data-oriented positions; however, I feel like I can tackle these coding challenges from a much better position. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I recently read this [amazing article](http://benanne.github.io/2014/08/05/spotify-cnns.html) about using deep learning for a recommendation system for Spotify! When considering auditory data, I had assumed the models would take an approach that strictly focuses on sequential information such as LSTMs. In this article however, I learned that you could create a Mel-spectogram which inherently creates spacial frames generated from time-dependent signals. By creating this spacial nature, a Convolutional Neural Network could then be applied to compress the given song into a feature vector. Then, to find similar songs to recommend, the algorithm would just find the nearest neighbors of a song's feature vector. 
One thing that was really cool about this approach is that a CNN normally learns filters that capture some sort of spacial structure of the input - because the inputs were Mel-spectograms, the filters the algorithm learned actually corresponded to different characteristics of music. Some included: certain pitches, certain chords, bass drums, and even vibrato! I highly suggest taking a look at this yourself if you're interested.