---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was spent preparing for my Algo exam and working on Computer Vision. The topics being covered in the exam seemed daunting to study for at first, but I realized that I actually understood it a lot more than the previous topics (such as DP/Greedy). I also spent some time preparing materials for our Data Hackathon.

### What's in your way?
Because I spent most of my time studying, I ended up procrastinating for a lot of assignments, mainly SWE and Vision. In our group, we have a running joke that every Thursday, when IDB is due, is a whole hackathon (since we do most of our work/polishing on those days). It is a little stressful, but at least this iteration we do not have to add anything to the API, so it just mainly refactoring. 

### What will you do next week?
I will be finishing my Computer Vision homework, which is taking longer than expected, as well as finishing up IDB4. I'm also adding starter code and cleaning up data for the hackathon MLDS is hosting, so it'll be tough putting all these together. I will be doing my best to get it all sorted out.

### What's my experience of the class?
My quizzes have been great the past few weeks! Even when they asked refactoring questions from the book I didn't read, I felt that they were pretty intuitive. Refactoring is an interesting topic to cover, but I feel like I disagree with some topics (such as always calling a function to get a constant value). It did make IDB4 more clear, and I hope to be able to apply this knowledge to refactor our ugly backend code.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
This week in Vision, we covered a very popular face detection technique called Viola-Jones, named after the authors of this [research paper](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~efros/courses/LBMV07/Papers/viola-cvpr-01.pdf). This technique was actually used by Facebook for quite some time, before the popularization of CNNs in image recognition. In the first step, it uses AdaBoost to extract simple image masks that reduces some loss function - the combination of using these image masks allows a robust way to detect faces. In order to increase the speed of testing evaluation, it also utilizes cascading models, which basically utilizes a decision-based hierarchy to minimize calculations. It first tests the image on a cheap classifier with a low false negative rate - if it classifies this input as not a face, then it immediately stops before going to more complicated classifiers. If it does pass, then it goes to the next classifier to go through the same process, and at each step, the complexity of the models increase. If an image somehow passes through each classifier, then it has a decent chance of actually being a face! If it isn't, then it should quickly exit this cascade, allowing for faster computations.