---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was super busy. I had the long awaited Algo exam on Thursday which I spent almost all my time studying for. Because the times conflicted with SWE's exam, Downing let me schedule a make-up, which was super nice. That exam went decent, but that meant I had little time to study for SWE. I spent most of Thursday night studying, but luckily the exam wasn't that bad! I felt it was a fair test on the material covered in class, because most of the exam was in Python. The JavaScript knowledge needed was also minimal.

### What's in your way?
I've been procrastinating on IDB2, mainly because these 2 weeks are just full of midterms (since Spring Break is coming up). I'm trying to balance everything, but I have to put studying first. I recently began scraping our data though; I found out about some more endpoints in the Udemy API which made data collection a lot easier. I'll be going through the rest of our data sources soon, especially jobs.

### What will you do next week?
I'll be studying for my next 2 midterms, and hopefully collecting our needed data. I'll also need to find a way to connect jobs to courses, so I'll probably have to do both during Spring Break. As long as try to be productive during the break, I think I'll have a lot of it done.

### What's my experience of the class?
The test was extremely fair, and it emulated what we have actually been covering the past 6 weeks. I really like the concepts of generators and comprehensions in Python, so it's been fun in lectures recently. Hopefully we get into SQL soon, since it's one of the biggest reasons I decided to take the class. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Continuing my machine learning tip of the weeks, Google recently made their in-house machine learning course open to the public. You can find it here: [Machine Learning Crash Course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/). It's great because it goes over many topics, as well as give you some exposure to their famous library, TensorFlow. If you're interested in learning now, this is a great chance as one of the best companies in the field is providing it all for free.