---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?
I did not do much for SWE this week, mainly took the time to take a break from the project and focus on my other classes. I think Downing bumped up the quantity of Python knowledge we have to know, so class has been more interesting lately. We've been preparing for the exam, but I'm still a little worried.

### What's in your way?
I've been putting off the data scraping, but I should really get on that soon. Not many APIs have responded to us, hopefully we can get a reply back from LinkedIn or Indeed this coming week. Also, Downing let us know that JavaScript would be on the midterm, which I know little about. I feel like he didn't focus on JavaScript nearly as in depth as Python, but sometimes you just have to deal with it.

### What will you do next week?
I'll be collecting our data to populate the database, as well as trying to juggle the onslaught of midterms coming up. Algorithms and SWE are the closest, so hopefully I can get through the work. I also have an assignment due in Computer Vision, but I'm close to finishing so it shouldn't be too bad.

### What's my experience of the class?
Recently our lectures have had a lot more HackerRanks than usual, which is probably because our midterm is coming up. I like this more because we get to try out the concepts Downing shows us rather than just taking notes. Also, the readings are at a weird schedule now. I think on Monday he gave us a quiz over some terminology with UML, but the content was from a reading the previous week. I might have just read the calendar wrong, though.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Google recently released one of their internal tools [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com) which lets you run Jupyter Notebooks on the cloud. Right now they only have Python kernels, but that's plenty to work on a new project with! It comes preinstalled with a lot of scientific computation libraries, such as numpy, scipy, as well as their very own TensorFlow. It also comes with GPU access, which is amazing for training your own deep networks. The best part: it's free (for now).