---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was focused on finishing all of my homework, which included IDB2. Luckily, most of my work was done over the break; however, we still needed to test the API and the backend. Postman helped a lot in fixing the small bugs with the API! In addition, I also collected some more information, because we felt that we needed some more filterable information for our Jobs model. The day before the project was due, we all sat down and pushed through to the deadline!

### What's in your way?
The insane amount of homework I had due with IDB2 made this week very difficult. I had to make sure to use my time effectively, but in the end I just had to stay up every night until the due dates. With respect to the project, I feel like the way I scraped the data and created our connections made it really hard to update the database. Thus, whenever we wanted to change or update the data, I had to go through my unorganized code and make William (our database guy) upload all the CSVs each time. We probably need to make this more efficient in future projects.

### What will you do next week?
I only have one thing due thankfully! It's just test corrections, so I think that will be fine. I'm planning on finishing Computer Vision and Algorithms homework early though, since both are due early the following week. I also have a Smash tournament on Saturday I want to go to, so I want to make sure I get most of that work done. It's a great time to relax and take a break from the hectic week.

### What's my experience of the class?
We're finally reaching the SQL portion of the course, which is one of the reasons I took it. I've now realized though, that the biggest part of the class is just our huge IDB project. By working on this with the team, we really do simulate the tools and workflow that would happen in a software engineering job. I have to appreciate what these experiences are giving me, but I do also see that a student would be able to pick these skills up during their internship. The course would, however, make the first few weeks much easier in terms of integration into the team.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Recently, Alpha Go/Zero have gained a lot of publicity, especially with their Netflix documentary. One of the key components of their algorithm is the use of Monte Carlo Search Trees. This technique allows the program to choose the most promising move given a game state. To learn more about it, I suggest this [recent post](https://int8.io/monte-carlo-tree-search-beginners-guide/)! It gives amazing visuals, as well as some code at the end. I have not gone through it extensively, but I plan to soon to help with my future projects! 