---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did you do this past week?
I finished my two midterms for Numerical Methods and Computer Vision. This was much better than the week before, because I enjoy these classes a lot more. I also spent some time looking for viable job APIs to scrape from, but to no avail. To take a break from school work, I started a new personal project/portfolio that would include various deep learning techniques for Computer Vision - the first one I started with is style transfer, and after some hacking over the weekend, I feel pretty close to it being done!

### What's in your way?
I've felt pretty burnt out because of all the studying (4 midterms before break), and I think I just need to relax a bit during break to reset. I also didn't do particularly well on my Algorithms exam, so I need to find a different way to study, or just stop choking during exam time. Of course, I can't relax the whole break, because I have to finish scraping and work on the backend for IDB2. It's been a total hassle trying to find viable APIs to collect job data from, but I realized that we've already included 3 of the required APIs - this means that I can actually go and manually scrape Indeed queries for the project. In addition, I've also been worried about connecting jobs to courses, but this becomes trivial, because I can just choose what category to search for and return the results. I've successfully gotten some instances from a smaller API, so this should be the track I take.

### What will you do next week?
Spring Break will be spent scraping jobs as well as more courses from Khan Academy and edX. This should provide a solid amount of instances for the website. I'll also start helping out with the backend, to get the right SQL queries whenever we have to access the database for the website. Algorithms homework is due the Wednesday after break, so I should finish that soon - I haven't been paying attention to class recently (about Max Flow/Min Cut) so I'll be reading and watching supplementary videos to help me out.

### What's my experience of the class?
I actually thought our Wednesday lecture was really cool! It was nice to listen about the ethics of software engineering - it's true that because we are the ones making the software, we have to actively think about the potential consequences of our actions. It reminded me of the recent talk about the need to start regulating Artificial Intelligence for public safety (thanks Elon Musk), and I kind of understand why the public would be so scared; however, I believe we're still far away from any futuristic Sci-Fi scares, so for now I'll keep a positive outlook for the field. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I found a cool repository this weekend: [machine_learning_basics](https://github.com/zotroneneis/machine_learning_basics) - it includes many standard machine learning algorithms all written in Python. It makes use of Jupyter notebooks to add great visuals as well as implementation details. This is great for anyone looking to understand how to implement the algorithms from scratch! Of course they aren't designed to be the most efficient, however, they work great in terms of teaching others through readable code.