---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I formed my team for the web application project. We also spent most of the time setting up our AWS instance and running our production site. Class lectures were more interesting this week - for example, we took a look at l-values and r-values and how different programming languages handle their usage. 

### What's in your way?
A big obstacle to this project was just setting up the environment for everything to work, so I'm glad that's mostly over with. Because it took us a long time doing so, however, we will be pushed for time to finish by Thursday. I still think we can do it, we're getting a good sense of what each of us can do. Luckily my other classes don't have any work due, so this should give me ample time to work on it.

### What will you do next week?
Next week I'll be writing Python scripts to scrape data for our project, and help out with any other parts of project 2. I'll also start working on my Algorithms and Vision homework once we start getting close to finishing this week's project. I will also start grading for the class I'm TA'ing, so there is plenty to juggle, but it should all work out.

### What's my experience of the class?
I will be honest, most of the lectures weren't very helpful or exciting, but recently it has gotten a lot better! I enjoy learning the small details about Python, so hopefully Downing stays on this course of teaching. Also, I've gotten a lot better at taking the quizzes, but that's probably because two of them were attendance this week. :-)

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
If you're interested in working/learning on reinforcement learning, I suggest you take a look at [OpenAI Gym](https://gym.openai.com/docs/)! The link should send to their documentation, which will give a quick tutorial on setting up their Python library. The goal of OpenAI Gym is to have a wide array of simple video games to test reinforcement learning algorithms you have written/developed. I myself will be looking into this soon, so if you ever need help or just interested in machine learning in general, feel free to contact me!
